ADD MORE COMMENTS YOU FOOL

TASKLIST
-read all swingtime docs
-change name of events?
-make 'events' inherit from main event
-remove reminders and bring in swingtime events instead.

reminders using swingtime events
-creation using provided functions
-premade event types health, birth, etc, which will coorespond to default pictures.
event title: birth

-feed gets a list of all events occuring that day
-combines occurences of the same event under one header, links occurrence notes
ex: 15 occurunces of birth event on feb 14 will condense to Feb 14, Goat and 14 others Kidding due
click to show/hide full notes.

questions
events and pictures can link to one or more herds or goats. how the fuck? if herd is entered just attach all goats? Then view will have to watch for herds.

Linked events - breeding to birth to lactation. These three events are a special something, they should be linked somehow?

a more elegant way to attach events and event types.


SITE OVERVIEW
Goats, herds, events, are clickable and bring up the relevant detail page. Detail pages have a way for info to be edited or deleted. 

Landing page: tells new users how great and easy goatbucket is and encourages them to give us money. signup/login. see: mint lander

Feed page/home page: landing page when a user is logged in. displays reminders by the reminder's time. 
    format: |pic-| 01/01/1992: Some Herd 
            |ture| remindernotes                    O

 click for  |pic-| 01/05/1992: Some Goat and 13 others 
 detail --> |ture| remindernotes                    O  <-click this button to finish/snooze/edit/delete reminder


similar reminders need to be grouped together in the same way, so if 15 goats are due to kid within 3 days, it shows only one reminder. 

Reminders can be set without an event, like a reminder to rotate pasture, pick up meds, buy grain, deep clean the parlor...
picture will be of relevant goat or herd, or a default picture

event detail popup window - calls detail: shows event notes and options to change or delete reminders

goat detail page - calls detail: displays current goat info, and all events related to that goat by events' time.

goat list page - calls list: who is displayed depends on the search given. clicking on my goats shows all goats names and some basic info(age, status, sex probably). clicking on a herd will redirect user to this page with herd:herd. once they're on this page users can change the search. I imagine this to be very similar to what mint has for viewing/searching transactions.

bulk data entry - calls update?: user inputs what herds/goats to edit and what fields to edit. displays something very similar to goat list page, but only the relevant fields and is a form, maybe could be the same view/template?

new goat/herd/event - calls create: simple form to create new object. will suggest to create related objects and reminders - enter a new kid and it suggests a lactation event for dam, enter lactation event and it suggests a reminder when lactation is nearing end. Cases like lactation/breeding it can be a simple yes/no check box and reminder is automatically created with appropriate title and date.

reports - ???: still very nebulous. Something similar to mint's trends thing, taking your data and making some basic charts for it. Tells you who your best milkers are, and the bucks that have the best daughters, stuff like that. Also an option to make up a spreadsheet and print, export, visualize?

account/settings: account management and stuff.


 


NEEDS FIXING
feed is apparently not in chronological order?

home page/index should be an informative landing page with register/log in buttons.

on event submission - goat selector should be an autocomplete text box somehow
and date should be auto set to now

TO DO
-clear out database and reorganize events/reminders
-add templates/view for list of herds, goats
-new herd: user field is hidden, loop is executing, but form.user is not setting

DESIGN QUESTIONS
can I view other users pages? do I have to be logged in to do so?

birthevent and health event should be subclasses of event, no? drop down list of type: birth, health, milk record, lactation, transaction, other will change the fields of form (enter goat info, enter # of milk, enter length of lactation, etc)

settings to change: average lactation length, what events are shown in feed, what info is public (?)

I put Prince Charming in with the girls October 5th. I create a new event-other. title:bred to Prince. Goat(s): Milking Crew. 
This creates a reminder on March 2nd: Milking Crew - Kids due. I delete it from the newsfeed when kidding begins.
This creates an entry on each doe's page: October 5th: Bred to Prince. Clicking on it, I can see the all the goats bred.

The first kid is born. I create a birth event, enter in the dam and sire and the kid's name. The next page is a form to create the kid. The event shows up on all three of the goats' pages.  





